improved Wordpress on AKS tutorial (#103544)
Azure/azure-content: articles/mysql/flexible-server/tutorial-deploy-wordpress-on-aks.md

- Using public-access argument allow you to create a server with public access protected by firewall rules. By providing your IP address to add the firewall rule to allow access from your client machine.
- Since the command is using Local context it will create the server in the resource group ```wordpress-project``` and in the region ```eastus```.

## Container definitions

> In following example, we are creating 2 containers - a Nginx web server and PHP FastCGI processor, based on official Docker images: `nginx` and `wordpress` (  `fpm` version with FastCGI support), published on Docker Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we're creating two containers, a Nginx web server and a PHP FastCGI processor, based on official Docker images `nginx` and `wordpress` ( `fpm` version with FastCGI support), published on Docker Hub.
```
